# Dimension-S
Sidechain DImension-S for sharing and energy

[Official Website](http://dimensionchain.io/)


# Project Brief  

The conventional enterprises are facing pressures to be more innovative creative about their business model. They need to learn more competitive advantages from new technologies and opportunities.  For example, the sharing and collaborative economy model can be a very good business solution for most enterprises. Other than this, more data is generated by mobile devices, which means human behaviors and mobile usages are becoming closer than ever, but the data ownership and rights have never been attributed, evaluated, quantified and used. The user as the data producer has never been benefited from the ownership. The value of the data is always fragmented and never really forms an effective interworking mechanism.

Dimension-S will map and segment real-world assets into digital assets, by providing a trading system to help enterprises promote data sharing and trading, which improves business profitability and economic efficiency.

- Mapping tangible assets onto blockchain: Dimension-S is a sidechain based on the characteristics of the real-world economy, which supports a variety of industrial applications and builds a secure, decentralized, high concurrency blockchain network.

- Establish a trading platform: Dimension-S will solve the data value problem by realizing users' data rights and data trading through a decentralized trading platform, which promotes data circulation and protects data ownership.

Dimension-S is suitable for business that requires mapping real-world assets onto the blockchain for trading and storage purpose, especially for industries with sharing economy and green energy.

# Dimension-S Architecture

[Dimension-S Architecture](Pic/Dimension-SArchitecture.jpg)

# RoadMap 
[RoadMap](Pic/Roadmap.png)

# License
[MIT License](LICENSE)